hey guys for those of you watching my
videos a few videos back I actually
unboxed the Canon Powershot SX 50 HS
that I bought to replace my current sony
DSC HX 7v that I use for my videos
however after using the Canon for a few
times I realized that it wasn't really
to my liking and it did not really fit
my ones and needs so since now I'm in
Hong Kong for a holiday I found a camera
that I've been looking for which is the
sony DSC HX 50 v along with the camera I
also got an extra battery case both not
from Sony a 16 gig class 10 cent disc
memory card and a tripod that looks like
a gorilla pod but is not one for free I
also bought a Sony BC TRX battery
charger just because I cannot stand I'm
plugging in my camera to charge just
like that so I'm just gonna make an
unboxing video of it today let's go
ahead and get started
all right so let's take a look at the
box that's the front of it with a
picture of the camera some
specifications down below it does have
twenty point four megapixels 30 times
optical zoom with up to 60 times clearer
image zoom a 3-inch extra fine LCD
display full HD 1920 by 1080 movie
recording Wi-Fi certified Sony G lens
and an intelligent sweep panorama
function on the bottom you have more
pictures of the camera front and back
more specifications on the top even more
specifications with color of the camera
that I bought it is black on the left
side just some barcodes and again the
color and on the right there's a bunch
of accessories that that I can buy for a
camera on the back you have your
supplied accessories inside box with
your Windows and Mac operating
requirements so to open the box just
pull the tab and once inside you have
your international warranty card your
local warranty card I believe this is
for China and Hong Kong
you have your Wi-Fi connection guide
right here and your instruction manual
pull this tab open and you get your
accessories and camera
right here if your USB based charger for
the camera your Sony and PBX one battery
the power cable for the charger wrist
strap USB cable and lastly the camera
itself to get out of the box nothing
else all right so let's take a look at a
camera it actually looks really sleek in
black probably one of the reasons that I
chose it yeah
on top you have your on/off switch a
button your selection now for your
exposure your zoom shutter button the
different mode selections hotshoe for
whatever accessories that is compatible
your pop-up flash you can give it a
flash by this button on the back of your
three inch extra fine LCD screen
recording button your um playback button
up-down left-right directional buttons
with your enter in the center it is also
a scroll wheel so you can scroll to the
left and right your menu and your trash
or information and bottom you have the
area to put your memory card and battery
HDMI port what you call this tripod
mount nothing on the left except it's
the CD times optical zoom and your GPS
and Wi-Fi capabilities your meaning USB
port
and that's about it for this camera
alright so okay so before we end let's
just go ahead and set up the camera
English I am now Hong Kong Singapore and
Beijing timezone you know some time
alright so that date is the 9th of
August time is 1745 let's just get it on
the camera again like I said you can
either use up down left right or use the
scroll view so night of August 2013 time
here's
45 okay he's gonna get black for now
okay gonna turn it off for now the GPS
I'm just gonna have standard on and yep
okay okay
all right so the camera is now set up I
can use it take photos and whatnot all
right so that's it for the unboxing of
my new sony DSC HX 50 V you have the
camera right here the charger the
manuals warranty card and whatnot power
cable USB cable and a wrist strap so
thanks for watching and goodbye